feat: warn when version isn't pinned (#1524)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/commands/supergraphs.mdx

### Setting a composition version

The `supergraph compose` command supports both Federation 2 and Federation 1 composition. 

> ⚠️ Note that if you use Federation 1 composition and _any_ of your subgraphs uses a Federation 2 schema, composition will fail!

Federation 1 and Federation 2 use different composition algorithms, which are implemented in different libraries:

* **Federation 1:** [`@apollo/federation`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/federation)
* **Federation 2:** [`@apollo/composition`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/composition)

Whenever you run `rover supergraph compose`, Rover automatically downloads the version of the library for your selected federation version. 

> > ⚠️ It is crucial that you match the `federation_version` with the version of the Router you are targeting. Refer to this [support table](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/federation-version-support) to safely roll out new composition versions.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **The `federation_version` you target must not exceed the highest version supported by your router!** Make sure to update your router _before_ incrementing your `federation_version`. For details, see this [support table](/router/federation-version-support).
```

Reviewer: how does that look?

> #### Auto-updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automatic updates
```

> If you do not specify a `federation_version` in `supergraph.yaml`, Rover determines which version to use according to the following logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you _don't_ specify a `federation_version` in `supergraph.yaml`, Rover determines which version to use according to the following logic:
```

```mermaid
flowchart TB;
  version("Is the <code>federation_version</code> key<br/>present in <code>supergraph.yaml</code>?");
  version--No-->optin("Does <strong>at least one</strong> subgraph schema<br/>opt in to Federation 2?");
  version--Yes-->usesetting("Use the version specified<br/>by <code>federation_version</code>");
  optin--No-->fed1("Use latest Federation 1<br/>composition");
  optin--Yes-->fed2("Use latest Federation 2<br/>composition");
  class usesetting,fed1,fed2 tertiary;
```

> A subgraph schema "opts in" to Federation 2 by adding a special `@link` directive described in [this article](/federation/federation-2/moving-to-federation-2#opt-in-to-federation-2).

> The latest federation library version is stored in [this file]() on the main branch of the Rover repository. If you do not specify an exact federation version, new plugin versions will be delivered and sourced from this file. This auto-update flow will cause issues for you if you do not update your routers prior to your composition pipeline, which is why we recommend specifying an exact `federation_version` every time.

Reviewer: Missing file link?

> The latest federation library version is stored in [this file]() on the main branch of the Rover repository. If you do not specify an exact federation version, new plugin versions will be delivered and sourced from this file. This auto-update flow will cause issues for you if you do not update your routers prior to your composition pipeline, which is why we recommend specifying an exact `federation_version` every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest federation library version is stored in [this file]() on the main branch of the Rover repository. If you don't specify an exact federation version, new plugin versions will be delivered and sourced from this file.

**This auto-update flow will cause issues if you don't update your router version prior to updating your composition pipeline.** We strongly recommend _always_ specifying an exact `federation_version`.
```

#### Preventing auto-updates

In some cases, you might want Rover to skip updating its composition library to the latest version. For example, you might have a slow or nonexistent network connection.

> In these cases, you can pass the `--skip-update` flag to `rover supergraph compose`. If you provide this flag, your `supergraph.yaml` file _must_ specify a `federation_version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, you can pass the `--skip-update` flag to `rover supergraph compose`. If you provide this flag, your `supergraph.yaml` file _must_ specify a `federation_version` (which is recommended regardless).
```
